fix(accordion): add headline to wrap panel button (#1231)
Vonage/vivid: components/expansion-panel/readme.md

| `indicatorIconSet` | `indicatorIconSet` | `string`          | "chevron" |                                                                                                                                                  |
| `leadingToggle`    | `leadingToggle`    | `boolean`         | false     |                                                                                                                                                  |
| `noRipple`         | `noRipple`         | `boolean`         | false     |                                                                                                                                                  |
| `open`             | `open`             | `boolean`         | false     |                                                                                                                                                  |
| `ripple`           |                    | `Promise<Ripple>` |           |                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `headingLevel`    | `heading-level`                | `string` | "3"       | The expension panel `heading-level` default is `3` (meaning the button is wrapped with `H3` tag) but need to set according to the page hierarchy |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `headingLevel`    | `heading-level`                | `string` | "3"       | The expension panel `heading-level` defaults to `3` (meaning the button is wrapped with a `H3` tag) but need to be in accordance to the page's hierarchy |
```

| `noRipple`         | `noRipple`         | `boolean`         | false     |                                                                                            |
| `open`             | `open`             | `boolean`         | false     |                                                                                            |
| `ripple`           |                    | `Promise<Ripple>` |           |                                                                                            |

> | `header-level`     | `3`                | `string` | "3"       | The expension panel headline - default is `H3` but need to set according to the page hierarchy      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `heading-level`     | `3`                | `string` | "3"       | The expension panel headline - default is `H3` but need to set according to the page hierarchy      |
```

> | `heading-level`     | `3`                | `string` | "3"       | The expension panel headline - default is `H3` but need to set according to the page hierarchy      |

Reviewer: Attribute is still wrong

Author: the attribute is OK the description isn't. Fixed it.

| `noRipple`         | `noRipple`         | `boolean`         | false     |                                                                                                                                                  |
| `open`             | `open`             | `boolean`         | false     |                                                                                                                                                  |
| `ripple`           |                    | `Promise<Ripple>` |           |                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `headerLevel`     | `heading-level`                | `string` | "3"       | The expension panel `heading-level` default is `3` (meaning the button is wrapped with `H3` tag) but need to set according to the page hierarchy |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `headingLevel`     | `heading-level`                | `string` | "3"       | The expansion panel `heading-level` default is `3` (meaning the button is wrapped with `H3` tag) but need to set according to the page hierarchy |
```
